Honeywell cleanup (#13645)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/honeywell.markdown

  - platform: honeywell
    username: YOUR_USERNAME
    password: YOUR_PASSWORD
```

{% configuration %}
username:

>   description: Email address of an account with access the TCC website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Email address of an account with access to the TCC website.
```

  required: false
  default: 61
  type: integer
thermostat:

>   description: ID of thermostat to restrict intgration to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: ID of thermostat to restrict the integration to.
```

  required: false
  type: string
location:

>   description: ID of location to restrict intgration to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: ID of location to restrict the integration to.
```
